//////////

https://convictional.com

B2B dropshipping on autopilot

Convictional is the dropshipping automation platform suppliers use to save time and grow faster

Instantly integrate and sync with any online retailer on Shopify, WooCommerce, BigCommerce, and more.

/////////

https://www.orderhive.com

Workflow Automation: Cut manual processing and human validation across the order processing and fulfillment workflow

/////////

eCommerce Fulfillment Integrations by DropStream
getdropstream.com/
eCommerce fulfillment integrations for 3PLs and fulfillment providers, easily connect your warehouse to shopping carts, marketplaces and ERPs.

/////////

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_data_interchange

EDI and other similar technologies save a company money by providing an alternative to, or replacing, information flows that require a great deal of human interaction and paper documents.

EDI and similar technologies allow a company to take advantage of the benefits of storing and manipulating data electronically without the cost of manual entry

Another advantage of EDI is the opportunity to reduce or eliminate manual data entry errors, such as shipping and billing errors, because EDI eliminates the need to rekey documents on the destination side.

One very important advantage of EDI over paper documents is the speed in which the trading partner receives and incorporates the information into their system thus greatly reducing cycle times. For this reason, EDI can be an important component of just-in-time production systems.[5]

According to the 2008 Aberdeen report "A Comparison of Supplier Enablement around the World", only 34% of purchase orders are transmitted electronically in North America. In EMEA, 36% of orders are transmitted electronically and in APAC, 41% of orders are transmitted electronically. They also report that the average paper requisition to order costs a company $37.45 in North America, $42.90 in EMEA and $23.90 in APAC. With an EDI requisition to order costs are reduced to $23.83 in North America, $34.05 in EMEA and $14.78 in APAC.

/////////

https://www.shopify.com/guides/dropshipping/glossary

Brick & Click Store: A retail outlet or business with at least one physical location and at least one ecommerce enabled website.

Brick & Mortar Store: A retail outlet or business with at least one physical location.

Comma Separated Values (CSV): A file type that stores data values. CSV files are often used to transfer product feeds.

Content Management System (CMS): A software solution that makes it possible to create, edit, maintain, publish, and display content on the Internet from a single interface or administration tool. In the online retailing context, a CMS may be used to manage a stores product catalog.

Distributor: A distribution business that inventories products from a number of manufacturers and sells to many retailers. Often distributors are able to offer shorter lead times than manufacturers and may sell in smaller quantities. It is common for distributors to charge a premium over a manufacturer-direct price for the service and convenience provided.

Dropshipping / Drop Shipping: A fulfillment strategy wherein the retailer does not actually inventory the drop shipped product, but instead passes the shipping address to either the manufacturer, or a distributor that actually ships the purchased items directly to the customer. 

Ecommerce: Buying and selling products over electronic networks, including the Internet or mobile applications. The term may apply specifically to electronic transactions or more generally to the online retailing and online business.

Manufacturer: A company that makes goods for the purpose of sale

Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP): The price at which a manufacturer recommends that retailers sell a given product.

MAP Pricing: Manufacturers may require retailers to sell or advertise a given product at a minimum price. This price floor is known as a minimum advertised price or a minimum acceptable price. Manufacturers vary in their MAP enforcement, with some cancelling retail dealer agreements, if sellers offer products below MAP.

Net Terms: Credit term that a supplier extends to a retailer, allowing the retailer to pay for purchased items some number of days after those items have been shipped. Often net terms are described as “net 30,” “net 120,” or similar where net 30 means that a retailer has 30 days to pay for an order after that order has shipped. Frequently, net terms will also include a discount so that 5/10 net 30 would mean that a retailer would receive a 5-percent discount if the bill was paid in 10 days or less, otherwise the bill is due in 30 days. 

Retailer: A company that sells directly to the end consumer.

Supply Chain: A network or system of businesses involved in moving a product from its manufacturing point to the customer. In online retailing, the supply chain usually represents the distributor and manufacturer of a product.	

Vertical: An industry segment made up of similar business and customers. 

Good terminology, f/b's for MS Retailer: https://www.shopify.com/guides/dropshipping/infographic

/////////



Home » Wholesale/Dropship Furniture Supplier in North America
Dropship

We are pleased to announce a new drop shipping program with direct integration for retailers who want to sell our products on their website. Although we have been already providing a drop ship program for several years for some of our clients, this new portal will allow retailers to connect directly their e-commerce store with our back-end, meaning it will be very easy for new/existing customers to import product listings to their store, get real-time inventory and place orders with competitive pricing. Our portal is transparent throughout the entire process - from the PO to the shipping notice and tracking number.

GFURN.com is a multi-channel e-commerce furniture/lightings/home decor accessories company. We operate with 3 divisions: B2C (with our own e-commerce store), Wholesale (for interior designers, architects and brick & mortar retailers) and Dropshipping. We design, source and manufacture trendy and stylish furniture from all over the world. We have tailored our business to support an efficient supply chain within these three divisions. From our warehouse located in Montreal, Quebec, we ship on a daily basis to Canada and the US.

We have a curated selection of mid-century furniture, scandinavian-inspired furniture, industrial furniture, chic modern furniture, design lightings and home decor accessories. Carrying the GFURN brand will add a layer of sophistication and quality to your retail brand.


/////////


From DuoPlane job posting...

Can you tell me about Duoplane?

Duoplane is a SaaS software company for managing ecommerce operations. We work with large and growing ecommerce merchants who run their ecommerce presence on platforms such as Shopify, BigCommerce, and Magento.

What makes our clients unique is that they do not manage their own inventory. Instead, they work with outside fulfillment partners such as 3PLs (warehouses) and drop ship suppliers. It’s a model that more and more merchants are adopting to be more nimble, efficient, and focused on their core business.

Managing that kind of a fulfillment network is complex and painful. That’s where Duoplane comes in. We help merchants seamlessly integrate with their external fulfillment partners by routing order information, syncing inventory data, and much more. Our goal is to help ecommerce retailers work with their external fulfillment partners as if they were part of the same company.

We are bootstrapped, profitable, and growing. We are a 100% distributed team and believe in creating a flexible and inclusive environment that allows our team members to shine and do their best work.

We love exceeding expectations and wowing our clients and partners. We strive to push the envelope on everything we do; if it “can’t be done”, then we want to do it. We are looking for someone who shares this passion and wants to come help us support our customers better.


/////////
From glassheads.com announcement email 


Good morning!

Glassheads Wholesale is proud to unveil its latest and greatest iteration of dropshipping. From the experience we’ve had providing this industry with 3PL fulfillment services and investment-free income, Glassheads has developed an out-of-box solution to get our products to your customers doorstep with no hassle. 

Our proprietary fulfillment and inventory system is freshly designed and configured to save you time, the most precious resource for an entrepreneur like yourself. From start to finish, products are uploaded seamlessly into your store, inventory tracked by the second, and orders fulfilled automatically. Our 26,000 sq.ft. world-class fulfillment hub is set up to scale alongside your business, accommodating any volume of fulfillment you require. We’ve been through the growing pains of developing this infrastructure - we want to save you the hassles, from properly packaging fragile products to saving you money on shipping costs. 

We offer this Shopify app for a one-time integration fee of $600 for a short time only. After a week, the price will go back up to its standard price. The app takes less than five minutes of your valuable time to set up, and you can started on the very same day getting products listed on your site to start raking in that passive income. If you have not already, please sign up for an account at Glassheads Wholesale and get started scheming which products you’ll be slinging to your customers. 

Thanks for your patience throughout this journey. Can’t wait for our success together! 

Caroline Li
Glassheads Wholesale
Home of UPC and Sesh Supply
p: 844-710-4944

/////////

Mothership 3 sentence blurb:

Mothership makes it easy for manufacturers and distributors to drop ship with other Shopify stores 

1-click integration lets retailers import and sync inventory from suppliers and begin selling almost immediately; and powerful automation make pricing, order processing and billing instant, effortless, and error-free

And, our friendly customer support team is always standing by to answer your emails or calls

/////////

https://magento.com/customers/gabor-shoes

Inside Gabor’s Omnichannel Revolution //Magento use-case//

The German footwear giant needed to grow its sales channels.

Founded in 1919 by Pius Gabor, and restarted after the War in 1949 by his sons Joachim and Bernhard Gabor, the German footwear brand Gabor has spent almost 100 years building a strong reputation for their comfortable, quality footwear. Today, the company is run by Joachim Gabor’s son, Achim, and the brand prides itself on advanced manufacturing that produces both classic and contemporary styles – something for every season and style. Over the years Gabor has extended its quality craftsmanship to new products like handbags, and shoe care. The brand also invested in new technologies, including ‘Rollingsoft,’ a new shoe with a flexible sole, designed to aid wellness. Every year, Gabor sells nine million pairs of shoes to 5,000 dealers in more than 60 countries, with annual revenue surpassing €383 million ($467 million).

With more than 3,000 designs in each collection, up to 100,000 SKUs on the marketplace, and hundreds of retail stores, there was an opportunity for Gabor to not only translate its legendary in-store experience to digital, but to catapult their retailers with a revolutionary fulfilment and order management system. The company has always positioned itself as a partner to retailers, and has thousands of stockists and brick-and-mortar stores across Europe, so their stock is decentralized. If Gabor Shoes could harness the power of technology, they could offer consumers the widest possible range of products, shorten delivery times, and enhance customer service. Done correctly, Gabor could create an omnichannel solution against which their online rivals could not compete.

“We started by looking intensively into possible concepts and solutions and finally decided on the marketplace approach,” said Dr. Markus Reheis, Global Head of Marketing at Gabor. “This strategy certainly increases complexity compared to a standard online shop, but also offers us many advantages.” One of those advantages is that brick-and-mortar retailers can generate additional sales without having to operate their own online store. They soon realized that the platform they needed was Magento Commerce.

A future-proof, flexible solution.

Gabor joined forces with TechDivision GmbH, one of the leading Magento Solution Partners in the DACH region with over 40 in-house developers and official Magento Omnichannel Partner. Together they chose Magento Commerce 2.2 and Magento Order Management (MOM) to help them realize this ambitious vision. The future-proof and flexible solution met all of the brand’s key requirements: it seamless integrates into their existing IT infrastructure, offers a fast time-to-market and fair pricing, support for international growth, and maximum flexibility.

“We needed to enable consumers to benefit from digital channels while supporting the existing retailer structures and partners as far as possible,” said TechDivision’s Stefan Willkommer. “The integration of the retail partners was, and still is, of great importance to Gabor.”

Gabor would become the first brand in Europe to use Magento Commerce, Magento Order Management, and Magento Business Intelligence together to unify its inventory across owned stores, franchise operations, and multi-brand retailers. They implemented Magento Order Management (MOM) as middleware and a central data hub, with a Magento Commerce front-end. They used TechDivision’s M2IF extension, a powerful Magento 2 import framework, and their ‘PageDesigner’ to create new landing pages, while Magenerd’s ‘GermanLaw’ handled German legal issues. They boosted performance with Magenerds CacheWarmer, and BS PayOne Payment for payment, while seamlessly connecting Magento Commerce to Gabor Shoes’ ERP, CRM, and PIM systems.

MOM is well-suited to companies like Gabor, with a large number of brick-and-mortar stores or a huge network of retailers. Gabor used MOM as a stock management system, linking their existing IT infrastructure (ERP), with their physical stores and logistics. All stock information, orders, and order processing is centralised in MOM and forwarded to the appropriate channels using highly-configurable rules. And most importantly, all the relevant information is available in real time, online. In their physical stores, they are planning to create a Progressive Web App (PWA) for Magento called Gabor Sales Generator, an endless aisle innovation that will be launched in selected branches this year. This digital extension of the storefront will allow customers in-store to access the entire Gabor collection on a tablet – creating the ‘endless aisle.’

A win-win situation.

In the first few weeks after their launch, Gabor saw some exciting results, and customers said they were ‘really impressed’ with the shop. The company’s goals and KPIs were achieved from the first day onwards, Gabor Shoes reported, and in some cases they were significantly exceeded. With 80 stores already connected, they will allocate over 400 retail stores as inventory sources in Germany by the end of 2018. This proves that the concept is pushing retail sales, their main KPI – prototype installations of the Gabor Sales Generator alone increased sales up to 20 percent.

By involving retailers, Gabor merged the online and offline worlds and is turning eCommerce into commerce. Their retailers are reaping the rewards of the new infrastructure and actively participating in the initiative. They want to participate because when Gabor routes an order to them, they earn commission for the order. Gabor wins because they’re selling a product they don’t own – technically they’re buying back that pair of shoes through an intermediate purchase order, and tapping into inventory across the whole retail chain.

Overall, Gabor are creating more sales, and retailers are profiting – a classic win-win situation for the brand and their retail partners. This leaves Gabor ready for the future. Thanks to the multi-client capabilities of Magento Commerce, they can easily roll out their new initiatives into international markets: In 2018, Gabor’s roadmap includes their first country-specific shop for Austria, which will be implemented quickly and securely on the existing platform.

/////////
Aircall- HelpScout app

Aircall is a lightweight phone system for support or sales teams. Pick a local phone number from wherever you are in the world, receive voicemails, assign calls to team members, and direct calls to any phone number from any device.

The Help Scout integration helps synchronize all your customer information and history from Aircall. Automatically log all voicemails and calls from Aircall into Help Scout, and choose the data that you want to sync between Aircall and Help Scout according to your needs. Change the customer on calls and voicemails to sync phone call records to your customer's profile in Help Scout, keeping all of your customer information in one place.

